flowchart TB
../../3m/Breathe/deploy/pipelines/hot-path.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/environments/dv/stages.yaml
../../3m/Breathe/deploy/pipelines/hot-path.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/environments/qa/stages.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/environments/qa/stages.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/wait-for-stage.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/environments/qa/stages.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp01/stage.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/environments/qa/stages.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/wait-for-stage.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/environments/qa/stages.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp02/stage.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/environments/qa/stages.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/wait-for-stage.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/environments/qa/stages.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp03/stage.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/environments/qa/stages.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/wait-for-stage.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp03/stage.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp03/vars.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp03/stage.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/hotpath-deployment.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/hotpath-deployment.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/configure-express-route.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/hotpath-deployment.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/arm-deploy.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/hotpath-deployment.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/pals-service-principal-role-assignments.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/hotpath-deployment.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/event-routing-deploy.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/hotpath-deployment.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/asa-deploy.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/hotpath-deployment.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/logic-app-msi-config.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/logic-app-msi-config.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/subscriptions/_parameters.subscription_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/asa-deploy.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/subscriptions/_parameters.subscription_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/asa-deploy.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/subscriptions/_parameters.subscription_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/event-routing-deploy.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/subscriptions/_parameters.subscription_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/event-routing-deploy.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/azfunc-deploy.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/pals-service-principal-role-assignments.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/subscriptions/_parameters.subscription_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/arm-deploy.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/subscriptions/_parameters.subscription_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/deployments/configure-express-route.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/subscriptions/_parameters.subscription_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp03/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/contracts/stamp.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp03/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/common/hotpath-common-vars.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp03/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/sites/_variables.siteParam_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp03/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/subscriptions/_variables.subscriptionParam_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp02/stage.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp02/vars.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp02/stage.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/hotpath-deployment.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp02/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/contracts/stamp.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp02/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/common/hotpath-common-vars.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp02/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/sites/_variables.siteParam_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp02/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/subscriptions/_variables.subscriptionParam_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp01/stage.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp01/vars.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp01/stage.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/hotpath-deployment.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp01/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/contracts/stamp.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp01/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/common/hotpath-common-vars.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp01/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/sites/_variables.siteParam_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/qa/stamp01/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/subscriptions/_variables.subscriptionParam_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/environments/dv/stages.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/dv/stamp01/stage.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/dv/stamp01/stage.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/dv/stamp01/vars.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/dv/stamp01/stage.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/hotpath-deployment.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/dv/stamp01/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/contracts/stamp.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/dv/stamp01/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/common/hotpath-common-vars.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/dv/stamp01/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/sites/aberdeen.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/hot-path/stamps/dv/stamp01/vars.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/subscriptions/_variables.subscriptionParam_.yaml
deploy/pipelines/templates/common/sites/aberdeen.yaml --> deploy/pipelines/templates/common/contracts/site.yaml
